c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\SelfHost.exe.config
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\SelfHost.exe
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\SelfHost.pdb
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\obj\Debug\SelfHost.exe
c:\users\jda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\obj\Debug\SelfHost.pdb
C:\Users\jda\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SelfHost\SelfHost\obj\Debug\SelfHost.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
